been a while since I was in front of you
I figure I'll stick to the cards this
time there's been speculation that I was
involved in the events that occurred the
freeway and the rooftop honestly expect
us to believe that that was a bodyguard
in a suit that conveniently appeared
despite the fact that I know that it's
confusing it is one thing to question
the official story and another thing
entirely to make wild accusations or
insinuate that I'm a superhero
I never said you're a superhero didn't
well good because that would be
outlandish and fantastic I I'm just not
the hero type clearly with this laundry
list of character defects all the
mistakes I've made largely public you
know truth is
I am iron
you